FontDame GSUB table

% mark attachment class from glyph classes

script table begin
tel2	default		1,3,5,6,7,8,9
telu	default		0,2,4,5,6,7,8
script table end

feature table begin
0	akhn	akhand-telu
1	akhn	akhand-tel2
2	blwf	belowbase-telu,contextra-telu,contextta-telu
3	blwf	splitakhand-tel2,belowbase-tel2,contextra-telu,contextta-telu
4	half	half-telu
5	abvs	above-subst-telu
6	blws	taligatures-telu,ailigatures-telu,splitailigs-telu
7	psts	contextu-telu,contextu2-telu,postbase-telu,subclashes-telu,subclashestara-telu,fixspacingmarkgap-telu,fixKassaNNa-telu,kssnnu-telu
8	haln	halant-telu
9	rphf	reph-telu2
feature table end



lookup	akhand-telu	ligature

ignoreMarks	yes

kassatelu	katelu	ssatelu	viramatelu

lookup end


lookup	akhand-tel2	ligature

ignoreMarks	yes

kassatelu	katelu	viramatelu	ssatelu

lookup end



lookup	reph-telu2	ligature

rephtelu	ratelu	viramatelu	u 200d

lookup end



lookup	belowbase-telu	ligature

kasubscripttelu	katelu	viramatelu
khasubscriptUItelu	khatelu	viramatelu
gasubscriptUItelu	gatelu	viramatelu
ghasubscriptUItelu	ghatelu	viramatelu
ngasubscriptUItelu	ngatelu	viramatelu
casubscripttelu	catelu	viramatelu
chasubscriptUItelu	chatelu	viramatelu
jasubscriptUItelu	jatelu	viramatelu
jhasubscriptUItelu	jhatelu	viramatelu
nyasubscriptUItelu	nyatelu	viramatelu
ttasubscriptUItelu	ttatelu	viramatelu
tthasubscriptUItelu	tthatelu	viramatelu
ddasubscriptUItelu	ddatelu	viramatelu
ddhasubscriptUItelu	ddhatelu	viramatelu
nnasubscriptUItelu	nnatelu	viramatelu
tasubscriptUItelu	tatelu	viramatelu
thasubscriptUItelu	thatelu	viramatelu
dasubscriptUItelu	datelu	viramatelu
dhasubscriptUItelu	dhatelu	viramatelu
nasubscripttelu	natelu	viramatelu
pasubscripttelu	patelu	viramatelu
phasubscriptUItelu	phatelu	viramatelu
basubscriptUItelu	batelu	viramatelu
bhasubscriptUItelu	bhatelu	viramatelu
masubscriptUItelu	matelu	viramatelu
yasubscriptUItelu	yatelu	viramatelu
rasubscriptUItelu	ratelu	viramatelu
rrasubscriptUItelu	rratelu	viramatelu
lasubscriptUItelu	latelu	viramatelu
llasubscriptUItelu	llatelu	viramatelu
vasubscripttelu	vatelu	viramatelu
shasubscriptUItelu	shatelu	viramatelu
ssasubscriptUItelu	ssatelu	viramatelu
sasubscripttelu	satelu	viramatelu
hasubscriptUItelu	hatelu	viramatelu

lookup end



lookup	splitakhand-tel2	context

glyph	viramatelu,kassatelu	2,split-tel2

lookup end


lookup	split-tel2	multiple

kassatelu	katelu	viramatelu	ssatelu

lookup end


lookup	belowbase-tel2	ligature

kasubscripttelu	viramatelu	katelu
khasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	khatelu
gasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	gatelu
ghasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	ghatelu
ngasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	ngatelu
casubscripttelu	viramatelu	catelu
chasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	chatelu
jasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	jatelu
jhasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	jhatelu
nyasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	nyatelu
ttasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	ttatelu
tthasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	tthatelu
ddasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	ddatelu
ddhasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	ddhatelu
nnasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	nnatelu
tasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	tatelu
thasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	thatelu
dasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	datelu
dhasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	dhatelu
nasubscripttelu	viramatelu	natelu
pasubscripttelu	viramatelu	patelu
phasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	phatelu
basubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	batelu
bhasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	bhatelu
masubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	matelu
yasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	yatelu
rasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	ratelu
rrasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	rratelu
lasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	latelu
llasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	llatelu
vasubscripttelu	viramatelu	vatelu
shasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	shatelu
ssasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	ssatelu
sasubscripttelu	viramatelu	satelu
hasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	hatelu
% new 2017
lllasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	lllatelu
rrrasubscriptUItelu	viramatelu	rrratelu

lookup end



lookup	contextra-telu	chained

backtrackclass definition begin
ailengthmarkUItelu	1
kasubscripttelu	1
khasubscriptUItelu	1
gasubscriptUItelu	1
ghasubscriptUItelu	1
ngasubscriptUItelu	1
casubscripttelu	1
chasubscriptUItelu	1
jasubscriptUItelu	1
jhasubscriptUItelu	1
nyasubscriptUItelu	1
ttasubscriptUItelu	1
tthasubscriptUItelu	1
ddasubscriptUItelu	1
ddhasubscriptUItelu	1
nnasubscriptUItelu	1
tasubscriptUItelu	1
thasubscriptUItelu	1
dasubscriptUItelu	1
dhasubscriptUItelu	1
nasubscripttelu	1
pasubscripttelu	1
phasubscriptUItelu	1
basubscriptUItelu	1
bhasubscriptUItelu	1
masubscriptUItelu	1
yasubscriptUItelu	1
rasubscriptUItelu	1
rrasubscriptUItelu	1
lasubscriptUItelu	1
llasubscriptUItelu	1
vasubscripttelu	1
shasubscriptUItelu	1
ssasubscriptUItelu	1
sasubscripttelu	1
hasubscriptUItelu	1
karasubscripttelu	1
kharasubscripttelu	1
garasubscripttelu	1
gharasubscripttelu	1
ngarasubscripttelu	1
carasubscripttelu	1
charasubscripttelu	1
jarasubscripttelu	1
jharasubscripttelu	1
nyarasubscripttelu	1
ttarasubscripttelu	1
ttharasubscripttelu	1
ddarasubscripttelu	1
ddharasubscripttelu	1
nnarasubscripttelu	1
tarasubscripttelu	1
tharasubscripttelu	1
darasubscripttelu	1
dharasubscripttelu	1
narasubscripttelu	1
parasubscripttelu	1
pharasubscripttelu	1
barasubscripttelu	1
bharasubscripttelu	1
marasubscripttelu	1
yarasubscripttelu	1
rarasubscripttelu	1
rrarasubscripttelu	1
larasubscripttelu	1
llarasubscripttelu	1
varasubscripttelu	1
sharasubscripttelu	1
ssarasubscriptUItelu	1
sarasubscripttelu	1
harasubscripttelu	1
% new 2017
lllasubscriptUItelu	1
rrrasubscriptUItelu	1
class definition end

class definition begin
rasubscriptUItelu	1
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end

class-chain	0	1		1,selectra-telu

lookup end



lookup	contextta-telu	chained

backtrackclass definition begin
katelu	1
gatelu	1
tthatelu	1
ratelu	1
shatelu	1
ghatelu	2
jhatelu	2
nyatelu	2
nnatelu	2
matelu	2
yatelu	2
rratelu	2
hatelu	2
ssatelu	3
khatelu	4
chatelu	4
ddhatelu	4
thatelu	4
dhatelu	4
phatelu	4
bhatelu	4
aavowelsigntelu	5
ivowelsigntelu	5
iivowelsigntelu	5
uvowelsigntelu	5
uuvowelsigntelu	5
evowelsigntelu	5
eevowelsigntelu	5
ovowelsigntelu	5
oovowelsigntelu	5
auvowelsigntelu	5
ailengthmarkUItelu	6
class definition end

class definition begin
tasubscriptUItelu	1
jasubscriptUItelu	2
ttasubscriptUItelu	2
ddasubscriptUItelu	2
dasubscriptUItelu	2
dhasubscriptUItelu	2
lasubscriptUItelu	2
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end

class-chain	1	1		1,narrowta-telu
class-chain	2	1		1,wideta-telu
class-chain	3	1		1,lowtara-telu
class-chain	4	2		1,lowtara-telu
class-chain	5,1	1		1,narrowta-telu
class-chain	5,2	1		1,wideta-telu
class-chain	5,3	1		1,lowtara-telu
class-chain	5,4	2		1,lowtara-telu
class-chain	6,5,1	1		1,narrowta-telu
class-chain	6,5,2	1		1,wideta-telu
class-chain	6,5,3	1		1,lowtara-telu

lookup end


lookup	narrowta-telu	single

tasubscriptUItelu	tasubscriptnarrowUItelu

lookup end


lookup	wideta-telu	single

tasubscriptUItelu	tasubscriptwideUItelu

lookup end



lookup	half-telu	ligature

kahalanttelu	katelu	viramatelu	u 200d
khahalanttelu	khatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
gahalanttelu	gatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
ghahalanttelu	ghatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
ngahalanttelu	ngatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
cahalanttelu	catelu	viramatelu	u 200d
chahalanttelu	chatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
jahalanttelu	jatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
jhahalanttelu	jhatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
nyahalanttelu	nyatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
ttahalanttelu	ttatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
tthahalanttelu	tthatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
ddahalanttelu	ddatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
ddhahalanttelu	ddhatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
nnahalanttelu	nnatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
tahalanttelu	tatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
thahalanttelu	thatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
dahalanttelu	datelu	viramatelu	u 200d
dhahalanttelu	dhatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
nahalanttelu	natelu	viramatelu	u 200d
pahalanttelu	patelu	viramatelu	u 200d
phahalanttelu	phatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
bahalanttelu	batelu	viramatelu	u 200d
bhahalanttelu	bhatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
mahalanttelu	matelu	viramatelu	u 200d
yahalanttelu	yatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
rahalanttelu	ratelu	viramatelu	u 200d
rrahalanttelu	rratelu	viramatelu	u 200d
lahalanttelu	latelu	viramatelu	u 200d
llahalanttelu	llatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
vahalanttelu	vatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
shahalanttelu	shatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
ssahalanttelu	ssatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
sahalanttelu	satelu	viramatelu	u 200d
hahalanttelu	hatelu	viramatelu	u 200d
kassahalanttelu	kassatelu	viramatelu	u 200d

lookup end


% ------------------------------------------------------------------------


lookup	above-subst-telu	ligature

kaavoweltelu	katelu	aavowelsigntelu
khaavoweltelu	khatelu	aavowelsigntelu
gaavoweltelu	gatelu	aavowelsigntelu
ghaavoweltelu	ghatelu	aavowelsigntelu
ngaavoweltelu	ngatelu	aavowelsigntelu
caavoweltelu	catelu	aavowelsigntelu
chaavoweltelu	chatelu	aavowelsigntelu
jaavoweltelu	jatelu	aavowelsigntelu
jhaavoweltelu	jhatelu	aavowelsigntelu
nyaavoweltelu	nyatelu	aavowelsigntelu
ttaavoweltelu	ttatelu	aavowelsigntelu
tthaavoweltelu	tthatelu	aavowelsigntelu
ddaavoweltelu	ddatelu	aavowelsigntelu
ddhaavoweltelu	ddhatelu	aavowelsigntelu
nnaavoweltelu	nnatelu	aavowelsigntelu
taavoweltelu	tatelu	aavowelsigntelu
thaavoweltelu	thatelu	aavowelsigntelu
daavoweltelu	datelu	aavowelsigntelu
dhaavoweltelu	dhatelu	aavowelsigntelu
naavoweltelu	natelu	aavowelsigntelu
paavoweltelu	patelu	aavowelsigntelu
phaavoweltelu	phatelu	aavowelsigntelu
baavoweltelu	batelu	aavowelsigntelu
bhaavoweltelu	bhatelu	aavowelsigntelu
maavoweltelu	matelu	aavowelsigntelu
yaavoweltelu	yatelu	aavowelsigntelu
raavoweltelu	ratelu	aavowelsigntelu
rraavoweltelu	rratelu	aavowelsigntelu
laavoweltelu	latelu	aavowelsigntelu
llaavoweltelu	llatelu	aavowelsigntelu
vaavoweltelu	vatelu	aavowelsigntelu
shaavoweltelu	shatelu	aavowelsigntelu
ssaavoweltelu	ssatelu	aavowelsigntelu
saavoweltelu	satelu	aavowelsigntelu
haavoweltelu	hatelu	aavowelsigntelu
kassaavoweltelu	kassatelu	aavowelsigntelu
% new 2017
lllaavoweltelu	lllatelu	aavowelsigntelu
rrraavoweltelu	rrratelu	aavowelsigntelu
tsaavoweltelu	tsatelu	aavowelsigntelu
dzaavoweltelu	dzatelu	aavowelsigntelu
%
kivoweltelu	katelu	ivowelsigntelu
khivoweltelu	khatelu	ivowelsigntelu
givoweltelu	gatelu	ivowelsigntelu
ghivoweltelu	ghatelu	ivowelsigntelu
ngivoweltelu	ngatelu	ivowelsigntelu
civoweltelu	catelu	ivowelsigntelu
chivoweltelu	chatelu	ivowelsigntelu
jivoweltelu	jatelu	ivowelsigntelu
jhivoweltelu	jhatelu	ivowelsigntelu
nyivoweltelu	nyatelu	ivowelsigntelu
ttivoweltelu	ttatelu	ivowelsigntelu
tthivoweltelu	tthatelu	ivowelsigntelu
ddivoweltelu	ddatelu	ivowelsigntelu
ddhivoweltelu	ddhatelu	ivowelsigntelu
nnivoweltelu	nnatelu	ivowelsigntelu
tivoweltelu	tatelu	ivowelsigntelu
thivoweltelu	thatelu	ivowelsigntelu
divoweltelu	datelu	ivowelsigntelu
dhivoweltelu	dhatelu	ivowelsigntelu
nivoweltelu	natelu	ivowelsigntelu
pivoweltelu	patelu	ivowelsigntelu
phivoweltelu	phatelu	ivowelsigntelu
bivoweltelu	batelu	ivowelsigntelu
bhivoweltelu	bhatelu	ivowelsigntelu
mivoweltelu	matelu	ivowelsigntelu
yivoweltelu	yatelu	ivowelsigntelu
rivoweltelu	ratelu	ivowelsigntelu
rrivoweltelu	rratelu	ivowelsigntelu
livoweltelu	latelu	ivowelsigntelu
llivoweltelu	llatelu	ivowelsigntelu
vivoweltelu	vatelu	ivowelsigntelu
shivoweltelu	shatelu	ivowelsigntelu
ssivoweltelu	ssatelu	ivowelsigntelu
sivoweltelu	satelu	ivowelsigntelu
hivoweltelu	hatelu	ivowelsigntelu
kassivoweltelu	kassatelu	ivowelsigntelu
% new 2017
lllivoweltelu	lllatelu	ivowelsigntelu
rrrivoweltelu	rrratelu	ivowelsigntelu
tsivoweltelu	tsatelu	ivowelsigntelu
dzivoweltelu	dzatelu	ivowelsigntelu
%
kiivoweltelu	katelu	iivowelsigntelu
khiivoweltelu	khatelu	iivowelsigntelu
giivoweltelu	gatelu	iivowelsigntelu
ghiivoweltelu	ghatelu	iivowelsigntelu
ngiivoweltelu	ngatelu	iivowelsigntelu
ciivoweltelu	catelu	iivowelsigntelu
chiivoweltelu	chatelu	iivowelsigntelu
jiivoweltelu	jatelu	iivowelsigntelu
jhiivoweltelu	jhatelu	iivowelsigntelu
nyiivoweltelu	nyatelu	iivowelsigntelu
ttiivoweltelu	ttatelu	iivowelsigntelu
tthiivoweltelu	tthatelu	iivowelsigntelu
ddiivoweltelu	ddatelu	iivowelsigntelu
ddhiivoweltelu	ddhatelu	iivowelsigntelu
nniivoweltelu	nnatelu	iivowelsigntelu
tiivoweltelu	tatelu	iivowelsigntelu
thiivoweltelu	thatelu	iivowelsigntelu
diivoweltelu	datelu	iivowelsigntelu
dhiivoweltelu	dhatelu	iivowelsigntelu
niivoweltelu	natelu	iivowelsigntelu
piivoweltelu	patelu	iivowelsigntelu
phiivoweltelu	phatelu	iivowelsigntelu
biivoweltelu	batelu	iivowelsigntelu
bhiivoweltelu	bhatelu	iivowelsigntelu
miivoweltelu	matelu	iivowelsigntelu
yiivoweltelu	yatelu	iivowelsigntelu
riivoweltelu	ratelu	iivowelsigntelu
rriivoweltelu	rratelu	iivowelsigntelu
liivoweltelu	latelu	iivowelsigntelu
lliivoweltelu	llatelu	iivowelsigntelu
viivoweltelu	vatelu	iivowelsigntelu
shiivoweltelu	shatelu	iivowelsigntelu
ssiivoweltelu	ssatelu	iivowelsigntelu
siivoweltelu	satelu	iivowelsigntelu
hiivoweltelu	hatelu	iivowelsigntelu
kassiivoweltelu	kassatelu	iivowelsigntelu
% new 2017
llliivoweltelu	lllatelu	iivowelsigntelu
rrriivoweltelu	rrratelu	iivowelsigntelu
tsiivoweltelu	tsatelu	iivowelsigntelu
dziivoweltelu	dzatelu	iivowelsigntelu
%
kevoweltelu	katelu	evowelsigntelu
khevoweltelu	khatelu	evowelsigntelu
gevoweltelu	gatelu	evowelsigntelu
ghevoweltelu	ghatelu	evowelsigntelu
ngevoweltelu	ngatelu	evowelsigntelu
cevoweltelu	catelu	evowelsigntelu
chevoweltelu	chatelu	evowelsigntelu
jevoweltelu	jatelu	evowelsigntelu
jhevoweltelu	jhatelu	evowelsigntelu
nyevoweltelu	nyatelu	evowelsigntelu
ttevoweltelu	ttatelu	evowelsigntelu
tthevoweltelu	tthatelu	evowelsigntelu
ddevoweltelu	ddatelu	evowelsigntelu
ddhevoweltelu	ddhatelu	evowelsigntelu
nnevoweltelu	nnatelu	evowelsigntelu
tevoweltelu	tatelu	evowelsigntelu
thevoweltelu	thatelu	evowelsigntelu
devoweltelu	datelu	evowelsigntelu
dhevoweltelu	dhatelu	evowelsigntelu
nevoweltelu	natelu	evowelsigntelu
pevoweltelu	patelu	evowelsigntelu
phevoweltelu	phatelu	evowelsigntelu
bevoweltelu	batelu	evowelsigntelu
bhevoweltelu	bhatelu	evowelsigntelu
mevoweltelu	matelu	evowelsigntelu
yevoweltelu	yatelu	evowelsigntelu
revoweltelu	ratelu	evowelsigntelu
rrevoweltelu	rratelu	evowelsigntelu
levoweltelu	latelu	evowelsigntelu
llevoweltelu	llatelu	evowelsigntelu
vevoweltelu	vatelu	evowelsigntelu
shevoweltelu	shatelu	evowelsigntelu
ssevoweltelu	ssatelu	evowelsigntelu
sevoweltelu	satelu	evowelsigntelu
hevoweltelu	hatelu	evowelsigntelu
kassevoweltelu	kassatelu	evowelsigntelu
% new 2017
lllevoweltelu	lllatelu	evowelsigntelu
rrrevoweltelu	rrratelu	evowelsigntelu
tsevoweltelu	tsatelu	evowelsigntelu
dzevoweltelu	dzatelu	evowelsigntelu
%
keevoweltelu	katelu	eevowelsigntelu
kheevoweltelu	khatelu	eevowelsigntelu
geevoweltelu	gatelu	eevowelsigntelu
gheevoweltelu	ghatelu	eevowelsigntelu
ngeevoweltelu	ngatelu	eevowelsigntelu
ceevoweltelu	catelu	eevowelsigntelu
cheevoweltelu	chatelu	eevowelsigntelu
jeevoweltelu	jatelu	eevowelsigntelu
jheevoweltelu	jhatelu	eevowelsigntelu
nyeevoweltelu	nyatelu	eevowelsigntelu
tteevoweltelu	ttatelu	eevowelsigntelu
ttheevoweltelu	tthatelu	eevowelsigntelu
ddeevoweltelu	ddatelu	eevowelsigntelu
ddheevoweltelu	ddhatelu	eevowelsigntelu
nneevoweltelu	nnatelu	eevowelsigntelu
teevoweltelu	tatelu	eevowelsigntelu
theevoweltelu	thatelu	eevowelsigntelu
deevoweltelu	datelu	eevowelsigntelu
dheevoweltelu	dhatelu	eevowelsigntelu
neevoweltelu	natelu	eevowelsigntelu
peevoweltelu	patelu	eevowelsigntelu
pheevoweltelu	phatelu	eevowelsigntelu
beevoweltelu	batelu	eevowelsigntelu
bheevoweltelu	bhatelu	eevowelsigntelu
meevoweltelu	matelu	eevowelsigntelu
yeevoweltelu	yatelu	eevowelsigntelu
reevoweltelu	ratelu	eevowelsigntelu
rreevoweltelu	rratelu	eevowelsigntelu
leevoweltelu	latelu	eevowelsigntelu
lleevoweltelu	llatelu	eevowelsigntelu
veevoweltelu	vatelu	eevowelsigntelu
sheevoweltelu	shatelu	eevowelsigntelu
sseevoweltelu	ssatelu	eevowelsigntelu
seevoweltelu	satelu	eevowelsigntelu
heevoweltelu	hatelu	eevowelsigntelu
kasseevoweltelu	kassatelu	eevowelsigntelu
% new 2017
llleevoweltelu	lllatelu	eevowelsigntelu
rrreevoweltelu	rrratelu	eevowelsigntelu
tseevoweltelu	tsatelu	eevowelsigntelu
dzeevoweltelu	dzatelu	eevowelsigntelu
%
kovoweltelu	katelu	ovowelsigntelu
khovoweltelu	khatelu	ovowelsigntelu
govoweltelu	gatelu	ovowelsigntelu
ghovoweltelu	ghatelu	ovowelsigntelu
ngovoweltelu	ngatelu	ovowelsigntelu
covoweltelu	catelu	ovowelsigntelu
chovoweltelu	chatelu	ovowelsigntelu
jovoweltelu	jatelu	ovowelsigntelu
jhovoweltelu	jhatelu	ovowelsigntelu
nyovoweltelu	nyatelu	ovowelsigntelu
ttovoweltelu	ttatelu	ovowelsigntelu
tthovoweltelu	tthatelu	ovowelsigntelu
ddovoweltelu	ddatelu	ovowelsigntelu
ddhovoweltelu	ddhatelu	ovowelsigntelu
nnovoweltelu	nnatelu	ovowelsigntelu
tovoweltelu	tatelu	ovowelsigntelu
thovoweltelu	thatelu	ovowelsigntelu
dovoweltelu	datelu	ovowelsigntelu
dhovoweltelu	dhatelu	ovowelsigntelu
novoweltelu	natelu	ovowelsigntelu
povoweltelu	patelu	ovowelsigntelu
phovoweltelu	phatelu	ovowelsigntelu
bovoweltelu	batelu	ovowelsigntelu
bhovoweltelu	bhatelu	ovowelsigntelu
movoweltelu	matelu	ovowelsigntelu
yovoweltelu	yatelu	ovowelsigntelu
rovoweltelu	ratelu	ovowelsigntelu
rrovoweltelu	rratelu	ovowelsigntelu
lovoweltelu	latelu	ovowelsigntelu
llovoweltelu	llatelu	ovowelsigntelu
vovoweltelu	vatelu	ovowelsigntelu
shovoweltelu	shatelu	ovowelsigntelu
ssovoweltelu	ssatelu	ovowelsigntelu
sovoweltelu	satelu	ovowelsigntelu
hovoweltelu	hatelu	ovowelsigntelu
kassovoweltelu	kassatelu	ovowelsigntelu
% new 2017
lllovoweltelu	lllatelu	ovowelsigntelu
rrrovoweltelu	rrratelu	ovowelsigntelu
tsovoweltelu	tsatelu	ovowelsigntelu
dzovoweltelu	dzatelu	ovowelsigntelu
%
koovoweltelu	katelu	oovowelsigntelu
khoovoweltelu	khatelu	oovowelsigntelu
goovoweltelu	gatelu	oovowelsigntelu
ghoovoweltelu	ghatelu	oovowelsigntelu
ngoovoweltelu	ngatelu	oovowelsigntelu
coovoweltelu	catelu	oovowelsigntelu
choovoweltelu	chatelu	oovowelsigntelu
joovoweltelu	jatelu	oovowelsigntelu
jhoovoweltelu	jhatelu	oovowelsigntelu
nyoovoweltelu	nyatelu	oovowelsigntelu
ttoovoweltelu	ttatelu	oovowelsigntelu
tthoovoweltelu	tthatelu	oovowelsigntelu
ddoovoweltelu	ddatelu	oovowelsigntelu
ddhoovoweltelu	ddhatelu	oovowelsigntelu
nnoovoweltelu	nnatelu	oovowelsigntelu
toovoweltelu	tatelu	oovowelsigntelu
thoovoweltelu	thatelu	oovowelsigntelu
doovoweltelu	datelu	oovowelsigntelu
dhoovoweltelu	dhatelu	oovowelsigntelu
noovoweltelu	natelu	oovowelsigntelu
poovoweltelu	patelu	oovowelsigntelu
phoovoweltelu	phatelu	oovowelsigntelu
boovoweltelu	batelu	oovowelsigntelu
bhoovoweltelu	bhatelu	oovowelsigntelu
moovoweltelu	matelu	oovowelsigntelu
yoovoweltelu	yatelu	oovowelsigntelu
roovoweltelu	ratelu	oovowelsigntelu
rroovoweltelu	rratelu	oovowelsigntelu
loovoweltelu	latelu	oovowelsigntelu
lloovoweltelu	llatelu	oovowelsigntelu
voovoweltelu	vatelu	oovowelsigntelu
shoovoweltelu	shatelu	oovowelsigntelu
ssoovoweltelu	ssatelu	oovowelsigntelu
soovoweltelu	satelu	oovowelsigntelu
hoovoweltelu	hatelu	oovowelsigntelu
kassoovoweltelu	kassatelu	oovowelsigntelu
% new 2017
llloovoweltelu	lllatelu	oovowelsigntelu
rrroovoweltelu	rrratelu	oovowelsigntelu
tsoovoweltelu	tsatelu	oovowelsigntelu
dzoovoweltelu	dzatelu	oovowelsigntelu
%
kauvoweltelu	katelu	auvowelsigntelu
khauvoweltelu	khatelu	auvowelsigntelu
gauvoweltelu	gatelu	auvowelsigntelu
ghauvoweltelu	ghatelu	auvowelsigntelu
ngauvoweltelu	ngatelu	auvowelsigntelu
cauvoweltelu	catelu	auvowelsigntelu
chauvoweltelu	chatelu	auvowelsigntelu
jauvoweltelu	jatelu	auvowelsigntelu
jhauvoweltelu	jhatelu	auvowelsigntelu
nyauvoweltelu	nyatelu	auvowelsigntelu
ttauvoweltelu	ttatelu	auvowelsigntelu
tthauvoweltelu	tthatelu	auvowelsigntelu
ddauvoweltelu	ddatelu	auvowelsigntelu
ddhauvoweltelu	ddhatelu	auvowelsigntelu
nnauvoweltelu	nnatelu	auvowelsigntelu
tauvoweltelu	tatelu	auvowelsigntelu
thauvoweltelu	thatelu	auvowelsigntelu
dauvoweltelu	datelu	auvowelsigntelu
dhauvoweltelu	dhatelu	auvowelsigntelu
nauvoweltelu	natelu	auvowelsigntelu
pauvoweltelu	patelu	auvowelsigntelu
phauvoweltelu	phatelu	auvowelsigntelu
bauvoweltelu	batelu	auvowelsigntelu
bhauvoweltelu	bhatelu	auvowelsigntelu
mauvoweltelu	matelu	auvowelsigntelu
yauvoweltelu	yatelu	auvowelsigntelu
rauvoweltelu	ratelu	auvowelsigntelu
rrauvoweltelu	rratelu	auvowelsigntelu
lauvoweltelu	latelu	auvowelsigntelu
llauvoweltelu	llatelu	auvowelsigntelu
vauvoweltelu	vatelu	auvowelsigntelu
shauvoweltelu	shatelu	auvowelsigntelu
ssauvoweltelu	ssatelu	auvowelsigntelu
sauvoweltelu	satelu	auvowelsigntelu
hauvoweltelu	hatelu	auvowelsigntelu
kassauvoweltelu	kassatelu	auvowelsigntelu
% new 2017
lllauvoweltelu	lllatelu	auvowelsigntelu
rrrauvoweltelu	rrratelu	auvowelsigntelu
tsauvoweltelu	tsatelu	auvowelsigntelu
dzauvoweltelu	dzatelu	auvowelsigntelu
%

lookup end


lookup	taligatures-telu	chained

backtrackclass definition begin
kassatelu	1
kassahalanttelu	1
kassaavoweltelu	1
kassivoweltelu	1
kassiivoweltelu	1
kassevoweltelu	1
kasseevoweltelu	1
kassaivowelUItelu	1
kassovoweltelu	1
kassoovoweltelu	1
kassauvoweltelu	1
class definition end

class definition begin
ailengthmarkUItelu	1
tasubscriptUItelu	2
khasubscriptUItelu	3
gasubscriptUItelu	3
ghasubscriptUItelu	3
jasubscriptUItelu	3
ttasubscriptUItelu	3
ddasubscriptUItelu	3
nnasubscriptUItelu	3
thasubscriptUItelu	3
dasubscriptUItelu	3
dhasubscriptUItelu	3
lasubscriptUItelu	3
ssasubscriptUItelu	3
hasubscriptUItelu	3
tasubscriptnarrowUItelu	3
tasubscriptwideUItelu	3
tasubscriptlowUItelu	3
rasubscriptUItelu	4
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end

class-chain	0	1,2		1,formtaligs-telu
class-chain	0	1,3		1,formtaligs-telu
class-chain	0	2,4		1,formtaligs-telu

lookup end


lookup	formtaligs-telu	ligature

khailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	khasubscriptUItelu
gailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	gasubscriptUItelu
ghailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	ghasubscriptUItelu
jailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	jasubscriptUItelu
ttailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	ttasubscriptUItelu
ddailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	ddasubscriptUItelu
nnailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	nnasubscriptUItelu
tailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	tasubscriptUItelu
thailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	thasubscriptUItelu
dailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	dasubscriptUItelu
dhailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	dhasubscriptUItelu
lailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	lasubscriptUItelu
ssailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	ssasubscriptUItelu
hailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	hasubscriptUItelu
tailengthmarknarrowUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	tasubscriptnarrowUItelu
tailengthmarkwideUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	tasubscriptwideUItelu
tailengthmarkUItelu	ailengthmarkUItelu	tasubscriptlowUItelu

lookup end


lookup	ailigatures-telu	ligature

kaivowelUItelu	kevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
khaivowelUItelu	khevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
gaivowelUItelu	gevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
ghaivowelUItelu	ghevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
ngaivowelUItelu	ngevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
caivowelUItelu	cevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
chaivowelUItelu	chevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
jaivowelUItelu	jevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
jhaivowelUItelu	jhevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
nyaivowelUItelu	nyevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
ttaivowelUItelu	ttevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
tthaivowelUItelu	tthevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
ddaivowelUItelu	ddevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
ddhaivowelUItelu	ddhevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
nnaivowelUItelu	nnevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
taivowelUItelu	tevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
thaivowelUItelu	thevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
daivowelUItelu	devoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
dhaivowelUItelu	dhevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
naivowelUItelu	nevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
paivowelUItelu	pevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
phaivowelUItelu	phevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
baivowelUItelu	bevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
bhaivowelUItelu	bhevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
maivowelUItelu	mevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
yaivowelUItelu	yevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
raivowelUItelu	revoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
rraivowelUItelu	rrevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
laivowelUItelu	levoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
llaivowelUItelu	llevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
vaivowelUItelu	vevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
shaivowelUItelu	shevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
ssaivowelUItelu	ssevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
saivowelUItelu	sevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
haivowelUItelu	hevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
kassaivowelUItelu	kassevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
% new 2017
lllaivowelUItelu	lllevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
rrraivowelUItelu	rrrevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
tsaivowelUItelu	tsevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu
dzaivowelUItelu	dzevoweltelu	ailengthmarkUItelu

lookup end


lookup	splitailigs-telu	multiple

khailengthmarkUItelu	khailengthmarkUItelu	khailengthmark1UItelu
gailengthmarkUItelu	gailengthmarkUItelu	gailengthmark1UItelu
ghailengthmarkUItelu	ghailengthmarkUItelu	ghailengthmark1UItelu
jailengthmarkUItelu	jailengthmarkUItelu	jailengthmark1UItelu
ttailengthmarkUItelu	ttailengthmarkUItelu	ttailengthmark1UItelu
ddailengthmarkUItelu	ddailengthmarkUItelu	ddailengthmark1UItelu
nnailengthmarkUItelu	nnailengthmarkUItelu	nnailengthmark1UItelu
thailengthmarkUItelu	thailengthmarkUItelu	thailengthmark1UItelu
dailengthmarkUItelu	dailengthmarkUItelu	dailengthmark1UItelu
dhailengthmarkUItelu	dhailengthmarkUItelu	dhailengthmark1UItelu
lailengthmarkUItelu	lailengthmarkUItelu	lailengthmark1UItelu
ssailengthmarkUItelu	ssailengthmarkUItelu	ssailengthmark1UItelu
hailengthmarkUItelu	hailengthmarkUItelu	hailengthmark1UItelu


lookup end


lookup	contextu-telu	chained

glyph	llatelu	uvowelsigntelu		1,llu-telu
glyph	llatelu	uuvowelsigntelu		1,llu-telu
glyph	hatelu	uvowelsigntelu		1,hu-telu
glyph	hatelu	uuvowelsigntelu		1,hu-telu
glyph	nyatelu	uvowelsigntelu		1,nyu-telu
glyph	nyatelu	uuvowelsigntelu		1,nyu-telu

lookup end

lookup	contextu2-telu	chained

backtrackclass definition begin
uvowelsigntelu	1
uuvowelsigntelu	1
patelu	2
phatelu	2
vatelu	2
class definition end

class definition begin
jasubscriptUItelu	1
ttasubscriptUItelu	1
ddasubscriptUItelu	1
tasubscriptUItelu	1
dasubscriptUItelu	1
dhasubscriptUItelu	1
lasubscriptUItelu	1
parasubscripttelu	1
pharasubscripttelu	1
varasubscripttelu	1
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end


class-chain	1,2	1		1,lowtara-telu


lookup end



lookup	llu-telu	single

uvowelsigntelu	uvowelsign1telu
uuvowelsigntelu	uuvowelsign1telu

lookup end


lookup	hu-telu	single

uvowelsigntelu	uvowelsign2telu
uuvowelsigntelu	uuvowelsign2telu

lookup end


lookup	nyu-telu	single

uvowelsigntelu	uvowelsign3telu
uuvowelsigntelu	uuvowelsign3telu

lookup end



lookup	lowtara-telu	single

jasubscriptUItelu	jasubscriptlowUItelu
ttasubscriptUItelu	ttasubscriptlowUItelu
ddasubscriptUItelu	ddasubscriptlowUItelu
tasubscriptUItelu	tasubscriptlowUItelu
dasubscriptUItelu	dasubscriptlowUItelu
dhasubscriptUItelu	dhasubscriptlowUItelu
lasubscriptUItelu	lasubscriptlowUItelu
parasubscripttelu	rasubscriptlowUItelu
pharasubscripttelu	rasubscriptlowUItelu
varasubscripttelu	rasubscriptlowUItelu

lookup end



lookup	postbase-telu	ligature

juvoweltelu	jatelu	uvowelsigntelu
puvoweltelu	patelu	uvowelsigntelu
phuvoweltelu	phatelu	uvowelsigntelu
vuvoweltelu	vatelu	uvowelsigntelu
juuvoweltelu	jatelu	uuvowelsigntelu
puuvoweltelu	patelu	uuvowelsigntelu
phuuvoweltelu	phatelu	uuvowelsigntelu
vuuvoweltelu	vatelu	uuvowelsigntelu
% new 2017
dzuvoweltelu	dzatelu	uvowelsigntelu
dzuuvoweltelu	dzatelu	uuvowelsigntelu

lookup end


lookup	subclashes-telu	chained

backtrackclass definition begin
kassatelu	1
kassahalanttelu	1
kassaavoweltelu	1
kassivoweltelu	1
kassiivoweltelu	1
kassevoweltelu	1
kasseevoweltelu	1
kaivowelUItelu	1
khaivowelUItelu	1
gaivowelUItelu	1
ngaivowelUItelu	1
caivowelUItelu	1
chaivowelUItelu	1
jaivowelUItelu	1
nyaivowelUItelu	1
ttaivowelUItelu	1
tthaivowelUItelu	1
ddaivowelUItelu	1
ddhaivowelUItelu	1
nnaivowelUItelu	1
taivowelUItelu	1
thaivowelUItelu	1
daivowelUItelu	1
dhaivowelUItelu	1
naivowelUItelu	1
paivowelUItelu	1
phaivowelUItelu	1
baivowelUItelu	1
bhaivowelUItelu	1
raivowelUItelu	1
rraivowelUItelu	1
laivowelUItelu	1
llaivowelUItelu	1
vaivowelUItelu	1
shaivowelUItelu	1
ssaivowelUItelu	1
saivowelUItelu	1
haivowelUItelu	1
kassaivowelUItelu	1
kassovoweltelu	1
kassoovoweltelu	1
kassauvoweltelu	1
kasubscripttelu	1
khasubscriptUItelu	1
gasubscriptUItelu	1
ghasubscriptUItelu	1
ngasubscriptUItelu	1
casubscripttelu	1
chasubscriptUItelu	1
jasubscriptUItelu	1
jhasubscriptUItelu	1
nyasubscriptUItelu	1
ttasubscriptUItelu	1
tthasubscriptUItelu	1
ddasubscriptUItelu	1
ddhasubscriptUItelu	1
nnasubscriptUItelu	1
thasubscriptUItelu	1
dasubscriptUItelu	1
dhasubscriptUItelu	1
nasubscripttelu	1
pasubscripttelu	1
phasubscriptUItelu	1
basubscriptUItelu	1
bhasubscriptUItelu	1
masubscriptUItelu	1
yasubscriptUItelu	1
rasubscriptUItelu	1
rrasubscriptUItelu	1
lasubscriptUItelu	1
llasubscriptUItelu	1
vasubscripttelu	1
shasubscriptUItelu	1
ssasubscriptUItelu	1
sasubscripttelu	1
hasubscriptUItelu	1
% new 2017
lllasubscriptUItelu	1
rrrasubscriptUItelu	1
%
kasubscript1UItelu	1
khasubscript1UItelu	1
gasubscript1UItelu	1
ghasubscript1UItelu	1
ngasubscript1UItelu	1
casubscript1UItelu	1
chasubscript1UItelu	1
jasubscript1UItelu	1
jhasubscript1UItelu	1
nyasubscript1UItelu	1
ttasubscript1UItelu	1
tthasubscript1UItelu	1
ddasubscript1UItelu	1
ddhasubscript1UItelu	1
nnasubscript1UItelu	1
tasubscript1UItelu	1
thasubscript1UItelu	1
dasubscript1UItelu	1
dhasubscript1UItelu	1
nasubscript1UItelu	1
pasubscript1UItelu	1
phasubscript1UItelu	1
basubscript1UItelu	1
bhasubscript1UItelu	1
masubscript1UItelu	1
yasubscript1UItelu	1
rrasubscript1UItelu	1
lasubscript1UItelu	1
llasubscript1UItelu	1
vasubscript1UItelu	1
shasubscript1UItelu	1
ssasubscript1UItelu	1
sasubscript1UItelu	1
hasubscript1UItelu	1
% new 2017
lllasubscript1UItelu	1
rrrasubscript1UItelu	1
%
tailengthmarknarrowUItelu	1
tailengthmarkUItelu	1
tailengthmarkwideUItelu	1
khailengthmark1UItelu	1
gailengthmark1UItelu	1
ghailengthmark1UItelu	1
jailengthmark1UItelu	1
ttailengthmark1UItelu	1
ddailengthmark1UItelu	1
nnailengthmark1UItelu	1
thailengthmark1UItelu	1
dailengthmark1UItelu	1
dhailengthmark1UItelu	1
lailengthmark1UItelu	1
ssailengthmark1UItelu	1
hailengthmark1UItelu	1
jasubscriptlowUItelu	1
ttasubscriptlowUItelu	1
ddasubscriptlowUItelu	1
dasubscriptlowUItelu	1
lasubscriptlowUItelu	1
dhasubscriptlowUItelu	1
ghaivowelUItelu	2
jhaivowelUItelu	2
maivowelUItelu	2
yaivowelUItelu	2
class definition end

class definition begin
khasubscriptUItelu	1
gasubscriptUItelu	1
ghasubscriptUItelu	1
ngasubscriptUItelu	1
jasubscriptUItelu	1
jhasubscriptUItelu	1
nyasubscriptUItelu	1
ttasubscriptUItelu	1
tthasubscriptUItelu	1
ddasubscriptUItelu	1
ddhasubscriptUItelu	1
nnasubscriptUItelu	1
tasubscriptUItelu	1
thasubscriptUItelu	1
dasubscriptUItelu	1
dhasubscriptUItelu	1
rrasubscriptUItelu	1
lasubscriptUItelu	1
ssasubscriptUItelu	1
hasubscriptUItelu	1
% new 2017
lllasubscriptUItelu	1
rrrasubscriptUItelu	1
% vowels
rvocalicvowelsignUItelu	2
rrvocalicvowelsignUItelu	2
lvocalicvowelsignUItelu	2
llvocalicvowelsignUItelu	2
% spacing
kasubscripttelu	2
casubscripttelu	2
chasubscriptUItelu	2
nasubscripttelu	2
pasubscripttelu	2
phasubscriptUItelu	2
basubscriptUItelu	2
bhasubscriptUItelu	2
masubscriptUItelu	2
yasubscriptUItelu	2
llasubscriptUItelu	2
vasubscripttelu	2
shasubscriptUItelu	2
sasubscripttelu	2
class definition end


lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end


class-chain	1	1		1,lowsubscript-telu
class-chain	1	2		1,lowsubscript-telu
%class-chain	1	3		1,splittara-telu
class-chain	2	1		1,lowsubscript-telu
%class-chain	2	3		1,splittara-telu

lookup end



lookup	subclashestara-telu	chained

backtrackclass definition begin
karasubscripttelu	1
kharasubscripttelu	1
garasubscripttelu	1
gharasubscripttelu	1
ngarasubscripttelu	1
carasubscripttelu	1
charasubscripttelu	1
jarasubscripttelu	1
jharasubscripttelu	1
nyarasubscripttelu	1
ttarasubscripttelu	1
ttharasubscripttelu	1
ddarasubscripttelu	1
ddharasubscripttelu	1
nnarasubscripttelu	1
tarasubscripttelu	1
tharasubscripttelu	1
darasubscripttelu	1
dharasubscripttelu	1
narasubscripttelu	1
parasubscripttelu	1
pharasubscripttelu	1
barasubscripttelu	1
bharasubscripttelu	1
marasubscripttelu	1
yarasubscripttelu	1
rarasubscripttelu	1
rrarasubscripttelu	1
larasubscripttelu	1
llarasubscripttelu	1
varasubscripttelu	1
sharasubscripttelu	1
ssarasubscriptUItelu	1
sarasubscripttelu	1
harasubscripttelu	1
rasubscriptlowUItelu	1
tasubscriptUItelu	2
tasubscriptnarrowUItelu	2
tasubscriptwideUItelu	2
tasubscriptlowUItelu	2
class definition end

class definition begin
lvocalicvowelsignUItelu	1
llvocalicvowelsignUItelu	1
kasubscripttelu	1
khasubscriptUItelu	1
gasubscriptUItelu	1
ghasubscriptUItelu	1
ngasubscriptUItelu	1
casubscripttelu	1
chasubscriptUItelu	1
jasubscriptUItelu	1
jhasubscriptUItelu	1
nyasubscriptUItelu	1
ttasubscriptUItelu	1
tthasubscriptUItelu	1
ddasubscriptUItelu	1
ddhasubscriptUItelu	1
nnasubscriptUItelu	1
tasubscriptUItelu	1
thasubscriptUItelu	1
dasubscriptUItelu	1
dhasubscriptUItelu	1
nasubscripttelu	1
pasubscripttelu	1
phasubscriptUItelu	1
basubscriptUItelu	1
bhasubscriptUItelu	1
masubscriptUItelu	1
yasubscriptUItelu	1
rrasubscriptUItelu	1
lasubscriptUItelu	1
llasubscriptUItelu	1
vasubscripttelu	1
shasubscriptUItelu	1
ssasubscriptUItelu	1
sasubscripttelu	1
hasubscriptUItelu	1
% new 2017
lllasubscriptUItelu	1
rrrasubscriptUItelu	1
%
rvocalicvowelsignUItelu	2
rrvocalicvowelsignUItelu	2
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end

class-chain	1	1		1,lowsubscript-telu
class-chain	2	1		1,lowsubscript-telu
class-chain	2	2		1,lowsubscript-telu

lookup end



lookup	lowsubscript-telu	single

rvocalicvowelsignUItelu	rvocalicvowelsign1UItelu
rrvocalicvowelsignUItelu	rrvocalicvowelsign1UItelu
lvocalicvowelsignUItelu	lvocalicvowelsign1UItelu
llvocalicvowelsignUItelu	llvocalicvowelsign1UItelu
kasubscripttelu	kasubscript1UItelu
khasubscriptUItelu	khasubscript1UItelu
gasubscriptUItelu	gasubscript1UItelu
ghasubscriptUItelu	ghasubscript1UItelu
ngasubscriptUItelu	ngasubscript1UItelu
casubscripttelu	casubscript1UItelu
chasubscriptUItelu	chasubscript1UItelu
jasubscriptUItelu	jasubscript1UItelu
jhasubscriptUItelu	jhasubscript1UItelu
nyasubscriptUItelu	nyasubscript1UItelu
ttasubscriptUItelu	ttasubscript1UItelu
tthasubscriptUItelu	tthasubscript1UItelu
ddasubscriptUItelu	ddasubscript1UItelu
ddhasubscriptUItelu	ddhasubscript1UItelu
nnasubscriptUItelu	nnasubscript1UItelu
tasubscriptUItelu	tasubscript1UItelu
thasubscriptUItelu	thasubscript1UItelu
dasubscriptUItelu	dasubscript1UItelu
dhasubscriptUItelu	dhasubscript1UItelu
nasubscripttelu	nasubscript1UItelu
pasubscripttelu	pasubscript1UItelu
phasubscriptUItelu	phasubscript1UItelu
basubscriptUItelu	basubscript1UItelu
bhasubscriptUItelu	bhasubscript1UItelu
masubscriptUItelu	masubscript1UItelu
yasubscriptUItelu	yasubscript1UItelu
rrasubscriptUItelu	rrasubscript1UItelu
lasubscriptUItelu	lasubscript1UItelu
llasubscriptUItelu	llasubscript1UItelu
vasubscripttelu	vasubscript1UItelu
shasubscriptUItelu	shasubscript1UItelu
ssasubscriptUItelu	ssasubscript1UItelu
sasubscripttelu	sasubscript1UItelu
hasubscriptUItelu	hasubscript1UItelu
% new 2017
lllasubscriptUItelu	lllasubscript1UItelu
rrrasubscriptUItelu	rrrasubscript1UItelu

lookup end


lookup	fixspacingmarkgap-telu	chained

backtrackclass definition begin
uvowelsigntelu	1
uuvowelsigntelu	1
kaavoweltelu	1
khaavoweltelu	1
gaavoweltelu	1
ghaavoweltelu	1
ngaavoweltelu	1
caavoweltelu	1
chaavoweltelu	1
jaavoweltelu	1
jhaavoweltelu	1
nyaavoweltelu	1
ttaavoweltelu	1
tthaavoweltelu	1
ddaavoweltelu	1
ddhaavoweltelu	1
nnaavoweltelu	1
taavoweltelu	1
thaavoweltelu	1
daavoweltelu	1
dhaavoweltelu	1
naavoweltelu	1
paavoweltelu	1
phaavoweltelu	1
baavoweltelu	1
bhaavoweltelu	1
maavoweltelu	1
yaavoweltelu	1
raavoweltelu	1
rraavoweltelu	1
laavoweltelu	1
llaavoweltelu	1
vaavoweltelu	1
shaavoweltelu	1
ssaavoweltelu	1
saavoweltelu	1
haavoweltelu	1
% new 2017
lllaavoweltelu	1
rrraavoweltelu	1
tsaavoweltelu	1
dzaavoweltelu	1
%
hivoweltelu	1
yiivoweltelu	1
hiivoweltelu	1
juvoweltelu	1
juuvoweltelu	1
puuvoweltelu	1
phuuvoweltelu	1
vuuvoweltelu	1
% new 2017
dzuvoweltelu	1
dzuuvoweltelu	1
%
hevoweltelu	1
heevoweltelu	1
haivowelUItelu	1
kovoweltelu	1
khovoweltelu	1
govoweltelu	1
ngovoweltelu	1
covoweltelu	1
chovoweltelu	1
jovoweltelu	1
nyovoweltelu	1
ttovoweltelu	1
tthovoweltelu	1
ddovoweltelu	1
ddhovoweltelu	1
nnovoweltelu	1
tovoweltelu	1
thovoweltelu	1
dovoweltelu	1
dhovoweltelu	1
novoweltelu	1
povoweltelu	1
phovoweltelu	1
bovoweltelu	1
bhovoweltelu	1
rovoweltelu	1
rrovoweltelu	1
lovoweltelu	1
llovoweltelu	1
vovoweltelu	1
shovoweltelu	1
ssovoweltelu	1
sovoweltelu	1
hovoweltelu	1
% new 2017
lllovoweltelu	1
rrrovoweltelu	1
tsovoweltelu	1
dzovoweltelu	1
%
koovoweltelu	1
khoovoweltelu	1
goovoweltelu	1
ngoovoweltelu	1
coovoweltelu	1
choovoweltelu	1
joovoweltelu	1
jhoovoweltelu	1
nyoovoweltelu	1
ttoovoweltelu	1
tthoovoweltelu	1
ddoovoweltelu	1
ddhoovoweltelu	1
nnoovoweltelu	1
toovoweltelu	1
thoovoweltelu	1
doovoweltelu	1
dhoovoweltelu	1
noovoweltelu	1
poovoweltelu	1
phoovoweltelu	1
boovoweltelu	1
bhoovoweltelu	1
moovoweltelu	1
yoovoweltelu	1
roovoweltelu	1
rroovoweltelu	1
loovoweltelu	1
lloovoweltelu	1
voovoweltelu	1
shoovoweltelu	1
ssoovoweltelu	1
soovoweltelu	1
hoovoweltelu	1
% new 2017
llloovoweltelu	1
rrroovoweltelu	1
tsoovoweltelu	1
dzoovoweltelu	1
%
kauvoweltelu	1
khauvoweltelu	1
gauvoweltelu	1
ghauvoweltelu	1
ngauvoweltelu	1
cauvoweltelu	1
chauvoweltelu	1
jauvoweltelu	1
jhauvoweltelu	1
nyauvoweltelu	1
ttauvoweltelu	1
tthauvoweltelu	1
ddauvoweltelu	1
ddhauvoweltelu	1
nnauvoweltelu	1
tauvoweltelu	1
thauvoweltelu	1
dauvoweltelu	1
dhauvoweltelu	1
nauvoweltelu	1
pauvoweltelu	1
phauvoweltelu	1
bauvoweltelu	1
bhauvoweltelu	1
mauvoweltelu	1
yauvoweltelu	1
rauvoweltelu	1
rrauvoweltelu	1
lauvoweltelu	1
llauvoweltelu	1
vauvoweltelu	1
shauvoweltelu	1
ssauvoweltelu	1
sauvoweltelu	1
hauvoweltelu	1
% new 2017
lllauvoweltelu	1
rrrauvoweltelu	1
tsauvoweltelu	1
dzauvoweltelu	1
%
uvowelsign1telu	1
uvowelsign2telu	1
uvowelsign3telu	1
uuvowelsign1telu	1
uuvowelsign2telu	1
uuvowelsign3telu	1
kasubscripttelu	2
casubscripttelu	2
chasubscriptUItelu	2
nasubscripttelu	2
pasubscripttelu	2
phasubscriptUItelu	2
basubscriptUItelu	2
bhasubscriptUItelu	2
masubscriptUItelu	2
yasubscriptUItelu	2
llasubscriptUItelu	2
vasubscripttelu	2
shasubscriptUItelu	2
sasubscripttelu	2
kassaavoweltelu	3
kassovoweltelu	3
kassoovoweltelu	3
kassauvoweltelu	3
class definition end

class definition begin
kasubscript1UItelu	1
casubscript1UItelu	1
chasubscript1UItelu	1
nasubscript1UItelu	1
pasubscript1UItelu	1
phasubscript1UItelu	1
basubscript1UItelu	1
bhasubscript1UItelu	1
masubscript1UItelu	1
yasubscript1UItelu	1
llasubscript1UItelu	1
vasubscript1UItelu	1
shasubscript1UItelu	1
sasubscript1UItelu	1
class definition end

lookaheadclass definition begin
# 1	1
class definition end

class-chain	0,1	1		1,restoresubscript-telu
class-chain	3	1		1,restoresubscript-telu

lookup end



lookup	restoresubscript-telu	single

kasubscript1UItelu	kasubscripttelu
casubscript1UItelu	casubscripttelu
chasubscript1UItelu	chasubscriptUItelu
nasubscript1UItelu	nasubscripttelu
pasubscript1UItelu	pasubscripttelu
phasubscript1UItelu	phasubscriptUItelu
basubscript1UItelu	basubscriptUItelu
bhasubscript1UItelu	bhasubscriptUItelu
masubscript1UItelu	masubscriptUItelu
yasubscript1UItelu	yasubscriptUItelu
llasubscript1UItelu	llasubscriptUItelu
vasubscript1UItelu	vasubscripttelu
shasubscript1UItelu	shasubscriptUItelu
sasubscript1UItelu	sasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	fixKassaNNa-telu	context

class definition begin
kassatelu	1
kassahalanttelu	1
kassaavoweltelu	1
kassivoweltelu	1
kassiivoweltelu	1
kassevoweltelu	1
kasseevoweltelu	1
kassovoweltelu	1
kassoovoweltelu	1
kassauvoweltelu	1
nnasubscript1UItelu	2
class definition end

class	1,2	1,splitkassa-telu	2,ssannasub-telu

lookup end



lookup	kssnnu-telu	context

glyph	kassatelu,uvowelsigntelu,nnasubscriptUItelu	3,ssannasub-telu	1,splitkassa-telu

lookup end



lookup	splitkassa-telu	single

kassatelu	katelu
kassahalanttelu	kahalanttelu
kassaavoweltelu	kaavoweltelu
kassivoweltelu	kivoweltelu
kassiivoweltelu	kiivoweltelu
kassevoweltelu	kevoweltelu
kasseevoweltelu	keevoweltelu
kassovoweltelu	kovoweltelu
kassoovoweltelu	koovoweltelu
kassauvoweltelu	kauvoweltelu

lookup end


lookup	ssannasub-telu	single

nnasubscriptUItelu	ssannasubscriptUItelu
nnasubscript1UItelu	ssannasubscriptUItelu

lookup end





lookup	halant-telu	ligature

ignoreLigatures	yes
ignoreMarks	yes

kahalanttelu	katelu	viramatelu
khahalanttelu	khatelu	viramatelu
gahalanttelu	gatelu	viramatelu
ghahalanttelu	ghatelu	viramatelu
ngahalanttelu	ngatelu	viramatelu
cahalanttelu	catelu	viramatelu
chahalanttelu	chatelu	viramatelu
jahalanttelu	jatelu	viramatelu
jhahalanttelu	jhatelu	viramatelu
nyahalanttelu	nyatelu	viramatelu
ttahalanttelu	ttatelu	viramatelu
tthahalanttelu	tthatelu	viramatelu
ddahalanttelu	ddatelu	viramatelu
ddhahalanttelu	ddhatelu	viramatelu
nnahalanttelu	nnatelu	viramatelu
tahalanttelu	tatelu	viramatelu
thahalanttelu	thatelu	viramatelu
dahalanttelu	datelu	viramatelu
dhahalanttelu	dhatelu	viramatelu
nahalanttelu	natelu	viramatelu
pahalanttelu	patelu	viramatelu
phahalanttelu	phatelu	viramatelu
bahalanttelu	batelu	viramatelu
bhahalanttelu	bhatelu	viramatelu
mahalanttelu	matelu	viramatelu
yahalanttelu	yatelu	viramatelu
rahalanttelu	ratelu	viramatelu
rrahalanttelu	rratelu	viramatelu
lahalanttelu	latelu	viramatelu
llahalanttelu	llatelu	viramatelu
vahalanttelu	vatelu	viramatelu
shahalanttelu	shatelu	viramatelu
ssahalanttelu	ssatelu	viramatelu
sahalanttelu	satelu	viramatelu
hahalanttelu	hatelu	viramatelu
kassahalanttelu	kassatelu	viramatelu
% new 2017
lllahalanttelu	lllatelu	viramatelu
rrrahalanttelu	rrratelu	viramatelu
tsahalanttelu	tsatelu	viramatelu
dzahalanttelu	dzatelu	viramatelu

lookup end


% ---------------------------------------------------


lookup	selectra-telu	chained

ignoreMarks	yes

glyph	katelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,karasubscript-telu
glyph	khatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,kharasubscript-telu
glyph	gatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,garasubscript-telu
glyph	ghatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,gharasubscript-telu
glyph	ngatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,ngarasubscript-telu
glyph	catelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,carasubscript-telu
glyph	chatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,charasubscript-telu
glyph	jatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,jarasubscript-telu
glyph	jhatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,jharasubscript-telu
glyph	nyatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,nyarasubscript-telu
glyph	ttatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,ttarasubscript-telu
glyph	tthatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,ttharasubscript-telu
glyph	ddatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,ddarasubscript-telu
glyph	ddhatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,ddharasubscript-telu
glyph	nnatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,nnarasubscript-telu
glyph	tatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,tarasubscript-telu
glyph	thatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,tharasubscript-telu
glyph	datelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,darasubscript-telu
glyph	dhatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,dharasubscript-telu
glyph	natelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,narasubscript-telu
glyph	patelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,parasubscript-telu
glyph	phatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,pharasubscript-telu
glyph	batelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,barasubscript-telu
glyph	bhatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,bharasubscript-telu
glyph	matelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,marasubscript-telu
glyph	yatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,yarasubscript-telu
glyph	ratelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,rarasubscript-telu
glyph	rratelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,rrarasubscript-telu
glyph	latelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,larasubscript-telu
glyph	llatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,llarasubscript-telu
glyph	vatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,varasubscript-telu
glyph	shatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,sharasubscript-telu
glyph	ssatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,ssarasubscript-telu
glyph	satelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,sarasubscript-telu
glyph	hatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,harasubscript-telu
% new 2017
glyph	lllatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,lllarasubscript-telu
glyph	rrratelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,rrrarasubscript-telu
glyph	tsatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,carasubscript-telu
glyph	dzatelu	rasubscriptUItelu		1,jarasubscript-telu

lookup end


lookup	karasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	karasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	kharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	kharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	garasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	garasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	gharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	gharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	ngarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	ngarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	carasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	carasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	charasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	charasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	jarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	jarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	jharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	jharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	nyarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	nyarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	ttarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	ttarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	ttharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	ttharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	ddarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	ddarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	ddharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	ddharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	nnarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	nnarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	tarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	tarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	tharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	tharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	darasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	darasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	dharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	dharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	narasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	narasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	parasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	parasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	pharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	pharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	barasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	barasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	bharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	bharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	marasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	marasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	yarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	yarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	rarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	rarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	rrarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	rrarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	larasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	larasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	llarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	llarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	varasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	varasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	sharasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	sharasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	ssarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	ssarasubscriptUItelu

lookup end


lookup	sarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	sarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	harasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	harasubscripttelu

lookup end


% new 2017

lookup	rrrarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	rrrarasubscripttelu

lookup end


lookup	lllarasubscript-telu	single

rasubscriptUItelu	lllarasubscripttelu

lookup end


